Update rate-limit-requests.mdx (#1615)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: traffic-policy/examples/rate-limit-requests.mdx

## By endpoint

> This rule applies rate limiting of `30` requests per 60 seconds to the endpoint `/api/videos`.

Reviewer: nitpicky but I'd drop the `backticks` from 30 and just say "per minute"

```suggestion
This rule applies rate limiting of 30 requests per minute to the endpoint `/api/videos`.
```
